{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\author Greg Kelly}
{\keywords }}\vieww16480\viewh13420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl-240\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs20 \cf0 APPLE INC.\
\
SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR BONJOUR CONFORMANCE TEST\
INTERNAL USE LICENSE - NO REDISTRIBUTION PERMITTED\

\b0 \

\b PLEASE READ THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT (\'93LICENSE\'94) CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SOFTWARE.  BY TYPING "YES" OR "Y" WHEN PROMPTED BY THE SOFTWARE AND/OR USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE AND TYPE "NO" OR "N", AND (IF APPLICABLE) RETURN THIS SOFTWARE TO THE PLACE WHERE YOU OBTAINED IT.
\b0 \
\

\b 1. General.
\b0   The software, test scripts, documentation and other materials accompanying this License, whether on disk, print or electronic documentation, in read only memory, or any other media, (collectively, the \'93Apple Software\'94) are licensed, not sold, to you by Apple Inc. (\'93Apple\'94).  The rights granted herein are limited to Apple's and/or Apple\'92s licensors\'92 respective intellectual property rights in the Apple Software and do not include any other patents or intellectual property rights. You own the media on which the Apple Software is recorded but Apple and/or Apple's licensor(s) retain ownership of their respective portions of the Apple Software itself.  The terms of this License will govern any software upgrades provided by Apple that replace and/or supplement the original Apple Software, unless such upgrade is accompanied by a separate license in which case the terms of that license will govern. \
\

\b 2. Permitted License Uses and Restrictions; No Redistribution.
\b0   Subject to the terms and conditions of this License:\
(a)  You may install and use the Apple Software internally within your business or organization for the sole purpose of testing compliance of your software, hardware, device or other product with Apple\'92s requirements for Bonjour conformance in conjunction with use of the Bonjour conformance logo.  
\b This License itself does not grant you any rights to use the Bonjour logo on your software, hardware, device or product; a separate logo license is required from Apple for such use. 
\b0  You may make only as many internal use copies of the Apple Software as reasonably necessary to use the Apple Software as permitted under this License and distribute such copies only to your employees whose job duties require them to use the Apple Software for such testing purposes; provided that you reproduce on each copy of the Apple Software or portion thereof, all copyright or other proprietary notices contained on the original.\
(b)  You may also make one copy of the Apple Software in machine-readable form for backup purposes only.  \
\
You may not rent, lease, loan, sublicense or otherwise redistribute the Apple Software, in whole or in part.  Except as and only to the extent permitted by applicable law, you may not decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, modify, or create derivative works of the Apple Software or any part thereof.  \
\

\b 3. Termination.
\b0   This License is effective until terminated.  Your rights under this License will terminate automatically without notice from Apple:  (a) if you fail to comply with any term(s) of this License; (b) upon Apple's release of an updated or revised version of the Apple Software; or (c) if a new version of Apple's operating system software is released which is incompatible with this version of the Apple Software. Upon the termination of this License, you shall immediately cease all use and copying of the Apple Software, in whole or in part. Sections 3, 4, 5, 6, 9 and 10 of this License shall survive any such termination.\
\

\b 4. Limited Warranty on Media (if applicable).
\b0   Apple warrants the media on which the Apple Software is recorded and delivered by Apple (if any) to be free from defects in materials and workmanship under normal use for a period of ninety (90) days from the date of original retail purchase.  Your exclusive remedy under this Section shall be, at Apple\'92s option, a refund of the purchase price of the product containing the Apple Software or replacement of the Apple Software which is returned to Apple or an Apple authorized representative with a copy of the receipt.  THIS LIMITED WARRANTY AND ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES ON THE MEDIA INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, AND OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO NINETY (90) DAYS FROM THE DATE OF ORIGINAL RETAIL PURCHASE.  SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  THE LIMITED WARRANTY SET FORTH HEREIN IS THE ONLY WARRANTY MADE TO YOU AND IS PROVIDED IN LIEU OF ANY OTHER WARRANTIES (IF ANY) CREATED BY ANY DOCUMENTATION, PACKAGING OR OTHERWISE.  THIS LIMITED WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY BY JURISDICTION.\
\

\b 5. Disclaimer of Warranties.
\b0   \
A. YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, USE OF THE APPLE SOFTWARE AND ANY SERVICES PERFORMED BY OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE APPLE SOFTWARE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY AND EFFORT IS WITH YOU. \
\
B. EXCEPT FOR THE LIMITED WARRANTY ON MEDIA SET FORTH ABOVE AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE APPLE SOFTWARE AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED \'93AS IS\'94 AND \'93AS AVAILABLE\'94, WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND APPLE AND APPLE'S LICENSORS (COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS \'93APPLE\'94 FOR THE PURPOSES OF SECTIONS 5 AND 6) HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE APPLE SOFTWARE AND SERVICES, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.  \
\
C. APPLE DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE APPLE SOFTWARE AND SERVICES, THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN, OR SERVICES PERFORMED OR PROVIDED BY, THE APPLE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE APPLE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT ANY SERVICES WILL CONTINUE TO BE MADE AVAILABLE, THAT THE APPLE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES WILL BE COMPATIBLE OR WORK WITH ANY THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, APPLICATIONS OR THIRD PARTY SERVICES, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE APPLE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED. INSTALLATION OF THIS SOFTWARE MAY AFFECT THE USABILITY OF THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, APPLICATIONS OR THIRD PARTY SERVICES. \
\
D. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE APPLE SOFTWARE AND SERVICES ARE NOT INTENDED OR SUITABLE FOR USE IN SITUATIONS OR ENVIRONMENTS WHERE THE FAILURE OR TIME DELAYS OF, OR ERRORS OR INACCURACIES IN THE CONTENT, DATA OR INFORMATION PROVIDED BY, THE APPLE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES COULD LEAD TO DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY, OR SEVERE PHYSICAL OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE OPERATION OF NUCLEAR FACILITIES, AIRCRAFT NAVIGATION OR COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS, AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL, LIFE SUPPORT OR WEAPONS SYSTEMS. \
\
E. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY APPLE OR AN APPLE AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY.  SHOULD THE APPLE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.  SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS ON APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF A CONSUMER, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  \
\

\b 6. Limitation of Liability.
\b0  TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL APPLE BE LIABLE FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA OR INFORMATION, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE APPLE SOFTWARE AND SERVICES OR ANY THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE OR APPLICATIONS IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE APPLE SOFTWARE, HOWEVER CAUSED, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY (CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) AND EVEN IF APPLE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  In no event shall Apple's total liability to you for all damages (other than as may be required by applicable law in cases involving personal injury) exceed the amount of fifty dollars ($50.00).  The foregoing limitations will apply even if the above stated remedy fails of its essential purpose.\
\

\b 7. Export Control.
\b0  You may not use or otherwise export or reexport the Apple Software except as authorized by United States law and the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Apple Software was obtained. In particular, but without limitation, the Apple Software may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S. embargoed countries or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Person\'92s List or Entity List. By using the Apple Software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any such list. You also agree that you will not use the Apple Software for any purposes prohibited by United States law, including, without limitation, the development, design, manufacture or production of missiles, nuclear, chemical or biological weapons.\
\

\b 8. Government End Users.
\b0  The Apple Software and related documentation are \'93Commercial Items\'94, as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. \'a72.101, consisting of \'93Commercial Computer Software\'94 and \'93Commercial Computer Software Documentation\'94, as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. \'a712.212 or 48 C.F.R. \'a7227.7202, as applicable.  Consistent with 48 C.F.R. \'a712.212 or 48 C.F.R. \'a7227.7202-1through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (a) only as Commercial Items and (b) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein.  Unpublished-rights reserved under the copyright laws of the United States.\
\

\b 9. Controlling Law and Severability.
\b0  This License will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California. This License shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, the remainder of this License shall continue in full force and effect.  \
\

\b 10. Complete Agreement.
\b0   This License constitutes the entire agreement between you and Apple relating to the use of the Apple Software licensed hereunder and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous understandings regarding such subject matter.  No amendment to or modification of this License will be binding unless in writing and signed by Apple. The parties hereto confirm that they have requested that this License and all related documents be drafted in English.  \
\
EA0777\
Rev. 7/15/11}